h1. libweb 

by "thesp0nge":http://thesp0nge.github.com

h2. Introduction

<p align="justify">
Libweb is a tiny, portable and fast library for handling HTTP requests. 
It's written in C as backbone for any tool that needs to perform GETs, POSTs and other HTTP calls.
</p>

<p align="justify">
The main idea behind libweb is to facilitate HTTP communication between a
security or general purpose tool and a web application.
</p>

h2. License

(The "BSD licence")<br/>
Copyright (c) 2010 Paolo Perego, paolo@armoredcode.com<br/>

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without<br/>
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions<br/>
are met:<br/>
<ol>
	<li>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.</li>
	<li>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.</li>
	<li>The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.</li>
</ol>

<p align="justify">
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
</p>